Fix docker SHA false positive (#18785)
github/codeql: actions/ql/src/change-notes/2025-02-14-docker-false-positives.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Fix CWE-829 false positives for Docker GitHub actions pinned by the container's SHA256 digest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed false positives in the query `actions/unpinned-tag` (CWE-829), which will no longer flag uses of Docker-based GitHub actions pinned by the container's SHA256 digest.
```
